# Changelog for 3.7.4.0




Release Date: 2024-01-08

Release Hash: 90aab3e95656ce23e7ed9b66e3833a133ee10c00




## Added




<details>
	<summary>Add deepcyberia vm to appstore
		<a href="https://jira.levelup.cce.af.mil/browse/THISISCVAH-14766">#14766</a>
		<a href="mailto:william.martin@sil.lab">@boomer</a>
	</summary>

	- Add DeepCyberia VM to appstore for MDT and CPT
</details>




## Fixed




<details>
	<summary>Update security onion version in appstore
		<a href="https://jira.levelup.cce.af.mil/browse/THISISCVAH-14784">#14784</a>
		<a href="mailto:cburkhard@technicacorp.com">@carl.burkhard</a>
	</summary>

	- The following files were changed for this ticket:
	- -
	- manifest.yaml.sh - Changed the version for SECURITY ONION from
	-    2.3.260 to 2.4.20 (Update Security Onion ISO).
	-    Added Shift5, new version of 20231020 to both CTPT & MDT
	- -
</details>




<details>
	<summary>Win server 2019 monthly update
		<a href="https://jira.levelup.cce.af.mil/browse/THISISCVAH-15114">#15114</a>
		<a href="mailto:carl.burkhard@indrasoft.com">@carl.burkhard</a>
	</summary>

	- The WIN 2019 server REP directory will now have the
	- version of the WIN 2019 server and the date created
	- in the directory name.  That is, for this particulatr
	- version it will be 2019-1809-20231030 (2019-1809 is the
	- version and 20231030 is the date it was updated.
</details>




<details>
	<summary>Update cast version in appstore
		<a href="https://jira.levelup.cce.af.mil/browse/THISISCVAH-14526">#14526</a>
		<a href="mailto:cburkhard@technicacorp.com">@carl.burkhard</a>
	</summary>

	- The following files were changed for CVE/STIG corrections:
	- -
	- manifest.yaml.sh - Changed location for the CAST AppStore
	-    Application and Documnetation to be in the new directory
	-    of 20231011 (in both the AssStore and Documentation
	-    directory Trees).  The new version is 20231011.
</details>




<details>
	<summary>Update arkime memory limit for 3.7.4
		<a href="https://jira.levelup.cce.af.mil/browse/THISISCVAH-15044">#15044</a>
		<a href="mailto:sworthey@technicacorp.com">@suede.worthey</a>
	</summary>

	- Update release versions for 3.7.4 release
	- Updated Arkime memory limit to 64GB. Updated MIP vscode version to latest 12/7/2023.
	- Changed defaults for Arkime Memory Limit in UI
	- Fixed issue with update_charts.py not deleting charts
</details>




<details>
	<summary>Fix pfsense firewall rules
		<a href="https://jira.levelup.cce.af.mil/browse/THISISCVAH-14772">#14772</a>
		<a href="mailto:brian.ermovick@alionscience.com">@brian.ermovick</a>
	</summary>

	- Removed Rate Limiter rule that permitted all
	- Added Rate Limiter settings to all TCP rules
</details>




<details>
	<summary>Fix cves/stigs for mip (3.7.x)
		<a href="https://jira.levelup.cce.af.mil/browse/THISISCVAH-13871">#13871</a>
		<a href="mailto:cburkhard@technicacorp.com">@carl.burkhard</a>
	</summary>

	- Also THISISCVAH-13874: Fix CVEs/STIGs for DIP (3.7.x)
	- -
	- The following files were changed for CVE/STIG corrections:
	- -
	- bootstrap.sh - Remove the "Add STIGS to Controller" step as the
	-    STIGS are added to the controller from a previous step.
	- -
	- core/playbooks/roles/controller/isos/templates/ks.cfg - Added a
	-    second user, "assessor", to the PXE install script such that
	-    the user assessor is now part of the created servers that the
	-    controller creates for the DIP.  This is needed as the ROOT
	-    user can now be LOCKED and require being unlocked by another
	-    available user per STIG.
	- -
	- core/playbooks/roles/controller/profiles/templates/ks.cfg.j2 -
	-    Added a second user, "assessor", to the PXE install script
	-    such that the user assessor is now part of the created
	-    servers that the controller creates for the DIP.  This is
	-    needed as the ROOT user can now be LOCKED and require being
	-    unlocked by another available user per STIG.
	- -
	- gitlab/DIP/dip.export.gitlab-ci.yml - Corrected the message that
	-   is displayed in the PIPELINE to only speclfy "Export Controller"
	-   on the PIPELINE job box.
	- -
	- gitlab/Drive/repo.gitlab-ci.yml - changed the PYTHON commands to
	-   actuallt display the commands before the commands are executed.
	- -
	- rhel8-stigs/rhel8-playbook-stig.yml - Re-engineered to handle over
	-   130 additional STIGs per the IA and OSCAP scans for the DIP
	-   servers and the MIP.
	- -
	- testing/pipeline/jobs/export.py - Added code to properly change the
	-   ASSESSOR password and add several other settings prior to the
	-   CONTROLLER and REPO-SYNC servers are exported.
	- -
	- rhel8-stigs/templates/logon-banner.j2 - Corrected banner to reflect
	-   the iniformation that STIGs require.
	- -
	- rhel8-stigs/Makefile - Cleaned up this makefile as it looked to be
	-   not in good shape for release.
	- -
	- mip/roles/042_mip_classification_banner/tasks/main_play.yml -
	-   Changed the permissions for the "banner.sh" file to be "0755"
	-   instead of "0770".  STIG processing change permissions and
	-   owner/group to "0750" and root/root.
	- -
	- web/backend/app/controller/tools_controller.py - added in password
	-   change capabilities for "assessor" as this user ID is now part of
	-   the entire DIP kit.
	- -
	- URL: https://jira.levelup.cce.af.mil/browse/THISISCVAH-13874
</details>




<details>
	<summary>Additional directory/software on hard drive
		<a href="https://jira.levelup.cce.af.mil/browse/THISISCVAH-14806">#14806</a>
		<a href="mailto:cburkhard@technicacorp.com">@carl.burkhard</a>
	</summary>

	- The following files were changed for the DELL R440 FIRMWARE/BIOS
	- files.
	- -
	- manifest.yaml - Corrected the COMMON NODE FIRMWARE/BIOS to be
	-      version 2.11.2 as it is the same as the DELL R440
	-      FIRMWARE/BIOS.
	- -
</details>




<details>
	<summary>Win server 2019 monthly update
		<a href="https://jira.levelup.cce.af.mil/browse/THISISCVAH-14672">#14672</a>
		<a href="mailto:cburkhard@technicacorp.com">@carl.burkhard</a>
	</summary>

	- The following files were changed for the WINDOWS 2019
	- monthly update
	- -
	- manifest.yaml - Updated to reflect that the WINDOWS 2019
	-      vm has been updated with CVEs/STIGs as well as the
	-      Microsoft Windows Update applied to the VM.
	- -
</details>




<details>
	<summary>Fix preserve timestamp error in arkime viewer
		<a href="https://jira.levelup.cce.af.mil/browse/THISISCVAH-14532">#14532</a>
		<a href="mailto:brandon.clarke@sil.lab">@brandon.clarke</a>
	</summary>

	- Fix missing session detail in arkime-viewer when preserving timestamp
	- Fix hive settings notification message
	- Fix BackgroundJob result_ttl validation mismatch
	- Add first and last packet columns to Test PCAP page
	- Add persistance module to abstract repository access
	- Add notifications for Historcial and Live PCAP replays
	- Add PCAPRepo to speed up directory traversal and validation
	- Refactor ConfiguredIfaces GET call in catalog controller
	- Update python requirements.txt
</details>




## Changed




<details>
	<summary>Update win10 vms
		<a href="https://jira.levelup.cce.af.mil/browse/THISISCVAH-14670">#14670</a>
		<a href="mailto:jclark@technicacorp.com">@jason.clark</a>
	</summary>

	- Windows updates accomplished on CPT and MDT Win10 VMs
	- Antivirus updates accomplished on CPT and MDT Win10 VMs
	- STIGs and CVEs addressed on CPT and MDT Win10 VMs
</details>


